I will be
a and dong long resisted announcing neck
darkness but I would manage to fix the principle
to his will he wanted aidan
freed two other great incarnations
evil prince headed to the monastery
robber belonging to the Order of the Sisters
Blind about to the time diablo
summoned the evil demons who expelled
sisters from their abode and only old
tramp mary found shelter in a monastery
not received during the attack nor
scraped mari thought these horrors just
appeared to him in obsession with opium he
followed iden and called
principle of the dark wanderer in the little
camp where the survivors gathered after
attacks appeared several heroes
who decided to dispel the darkness there were
the barbarian burned amazon convoys
of the islands
zara qumo paladin
Keji camp spellcaster and
necromancer from the eastern jungle
they freed the cartesian kain whose
captured demons and under his
leadership cleared the monastery but
fuck have failed that
accompanied by mario headed east
tombs of the great Horadrim named tal
rush who sacrificed himself stuck
amber soul stone
the essence of the lord of the destruction of the baal itself
in the chest in the tomb Ides already waited
Archangel Tyrael battle ensued the
time ball trick maria forced
pull the amber soul stone out of the body
Tal Rush and was free together
aydan fucked defeated tyrael and sharpened
his in the tomb
but the archangel managed to give to the distraught from
fear maria order to take a piece of stone
soul score and destroy it in
hell is the only way to be banished from
Baal Sanctuary or any other
the great embodiment of evil
when the heroes reached the tomb and
freed tyrael Mary and great
evil incarnations were no longer there but
Tyrael told them where Marie went
asked to bring the company to the end
heroes went to a blade of grass
stronghold of faith zara kum where the ball and aydan already
freed and imprisoned his brother
mephisto in joining three great
evil incarnations set out to subdue
humanity diablo dropped mortal
shell quince and went through
hell portal lead the legions
Mephisto's demons stayed in sanctuary
follow to my brother no one prevented
when heroes arrived in a blade of grass
had to fight not only with mephisto
but because they were defiled by the servants of the faith
zara tula in the hardest duel from
whom moss stones moaned
demon sex and the heroes took his stone
souls with themselves through the portal to hell
in the depths of the underworld heroes broke
Mephisto soul stone on the anvil
total destruction and then set off
for the diablo in the unholy cathedral about this
waves are cute you and rivers of blood exactly
here players clashed in the battle SVAO
running horror throwing all my strength and
prowess against primordial evil
diablo was defeated and here in the very
heart of the underworld crimson stone of the soul
the ball was destroyed in the meantime
headed north to defile the stone
the universe to mankind set foot on
the path of evil but before the lord of destruction
decided to save himself from the fate befell
brothers he tracked down frightened maria
who took refuge in a shelter for
mentally ill and having failed to destroy
amber stone soul changing the look of the ball
took the sea stone and ruthlessly
finished off the unfortunate
with miserable now